improve README [add a) roadmap, b) community meeting] (#4810)
onnx/onnx: README.md

If you think some operator should be added to ONNX specification, please read
[this document](docs/AddNewOp.md).

> # Community meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Community meetings
```

Author: Thanks, I changed it

> The schedules of the regular meetings of the Steering Committee, the working groups and the SIGS can be found at https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18481196

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The schedules of the regular meetings of the Steering Committee, the working groups and the SIGs can be found [here](https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18481196).
```

> The schedules of the regular meetings of the Steering Committee, the working groups and the SIGS can be found at https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=18481196

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schedules of the regular meetings of the Steering Committee, the working groups and the SIGS can be found at [http://onnx.ai/calendar](http://onnx.ai/calendar)
```

> A large Community Day is held at least 1 time per year. Up to now the following community day took place:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Community Meetups are held at least once a year. Content from previous community meetups are at:
```

2020.04.09 https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/display/DL/LF+AI+Day+-ONNX+Community+Virtual+Meetup+-+Silicon+Valley+-+April+9
2020.10.14 https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/display/DL/LF+AI+Day+-+ONNX+Community+Workshop+-+October+14
2021.03.24 https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=35160391
2021.10.21 https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=46989689

> 2022.06.24 https://wiki.lfaidata.foundation/display/DL/ONNX+Community+Day+-+June+24

Reviewer 2: Please note that the document shows L48-L54 are squeezed. Perhaps we can use "*" to list each of them.

Author: Thanks, I changed it
